Use strict equality comparison in VAST queries (#104)
tenzir/threatbus: apps/vast/CHANGELOG.md

- ⚡️ breaking change
- 🐞 bugfix

> ## Unreleased
> - ⚠️ The retro-matching now applies a strict equality comparison when mapping
>   IoCs to VAST queries. Prior to this change, `pyvast-threatbus` used substring
>   equality. That came at heavy runtime costs when issuing hundreds of queries
>   per second.
>   [#104](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus/pull/104)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

- ⚠️ The retro-matching now applies a strict equality comparison when mapping
  IoCs to VAST queries. Prior to this change `pyvast-threatbus` used substring
  search, which came at heavy runtime costs when issuing hundreds of queries
  per second.
  [#104](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus/pull/104)
```
